[boschshc] Update Readme.md (#10915)
openhab/openhab-addons: bundles/org.openhab.binding.boschshc/README.md

> Bosch IDs for found devices are displayed in the openHAB log on bootup (`OPENHAB_FOLDER/userdata/logs/openhab.log`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bosch IDs for discovered devices are displayed in the openhab.log file on bootup, to view the logs see <https://www.openhab.org/docs/administration/logging.html>
```
